Add environment variable to disable statsd metric collection (#589)
DataDog/datadogpy: README.md

api.Event.create(title=title, text=text, tags=tags)
```

> In development, you can disable any `statsd` metric collection using `DD_DOGSTATSD_ENABLE=False`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In development, you can disable any `statsd` metric collection using `DD_DOGSTATSD_DISABLE=True` (or any not-empty value).
```
